OSDOCS-16941: DITA abstracts — OLM catalog/config topics (#115366)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-creating-index-image.adoc

[id="olm-creating-index-image_{context}"]
= Creating a SQLite-based index image

[role="_abstract"]

> To create a SQLite-based index image for Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) in {product-title}, you can use the `opm index add` command to add bundle images and push the result to a registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create an index image based on the SQLite database format by using the `opm` CLI.
```
